App to app request (#207)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/app-to-app-requests.adoc

> = Access an Application in the Same Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Access One Application from Another in the Same Cluster
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> In an Anypoint Runtime Fabric cluster, every application replica exposes an endpoint inside the cluster. When you enable inbound traffic, that endpoint is exposed externally. Refer to xref:enable-inbound-traffic.adoc[Enable Inbound Traffic on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for additional information about servicing external requests and configuring the load balancer. 

Reviewer: This seems like an odd way to introduce a completely separate task, especially by sending the audience off to look up that other task. Suggest rewording to actually lead in to servicing internal requests.

Reviewer: Also, why "application replica"?

> To send a request from one application to another application inside the cluster, use the application name and environment ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a request from one application to another within a single cluster, use the name and environment ID of the destination application. 
```

> Every application has a DNS record in the cluster internal domain. For example, the DNS record for the application `hello-world` in the  `2abc2ce6-cce6-463b-afaa-a1979e3xxxxx` environment is:

Reviewer: How does this DNS record relate to the destination environment and name? Why provide an example of the record, when the request requires a destination app. environment and app. name?

```
hello-world.2abc2ce6-cce6-463b-afaa-a1979e3xxxxx.svc.cluster.local
```

> Because application replicas first search DNS records in the same domain before searching the parent domain, you need only the application name and environment ID to send a request to another application in the same cluster. If both applications are in the same namespace, you need only the application name:

Reviewer: So...requests are made first internally and then externally by default?
Does "same domain" = "cluster"? Does "parent domain" = external to the cluster?

Again, I think I am getting confused by not understanding how the different terms relate to one thing or different things. It would be clearer to stick with internal terms, and clarify cluster, parent domain, child domain, environment ID, and application namespace and name.

```

> http://hello-world:8081/api

Reviewer: It's not clear to me how this syntax is "only the application name" of the previous syntax: where do 8081 and api come into it?

```
If required, replace `http` with `https`.

> The following example sends a request from one application to an application in another namespace. In this example, `1abc2ce6-cce6-463b-afaa-a1979e3xxxxx` is another envionment in the same Runtime Fabric cluster, so this environment ID is appended to the application name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example sends a request from one application in a cluster [or domain? environment?] to an application in another namespace [environment?] [of the same cluster or domain?]. In this example, `1abc2ce6-cce6-463b-afaa-a1979e3xxxxx` is the environment ID of the destination application in the same Runtime Fabric cluster, so this environment ID is appended to the application name [which is the same for both origin and destination?]:
```

```
http://hello-world.1abc2ce6-cce6-463b-afaa-a1979e3xxxxx:8081/api

> ```

Reviewer: I understand that my edits reflect my lack of familiarity with this transaction and its terminology. I ask only that you review the existing wording to see if we can avoid any confusion caused by synonyms or an unclear relationship between origin and destination application.
